Why you haven't calculate saturation level to define scale potential that i said to you to make it in the tabular form?
Scale Potential As Indicated By Saturation Level
All but one of the indices discussed in this section describe the tendency of a water to form, or
dissolve, a particular scale. These indices are derived from the concept of saturation. For
example, saturation level for any of the scalants discussed is described as the ratio of a
compounds observed ion activity product (IAP) to the ion activity product expected if the water
were at equilibrium (Ksp). degree of supersaturation is
labeled as this ratio (IAP/Ksp). This ratio has many names and is referred to as Saturation Level.

If the saturation level is less than 1.0, a water is under saturated with respect to the scalant
under study. The water will tend to dissolve, rather than form, scale of the type for which the
index was calculated. As the saturation level decreases and approaches 0.0, the probability of
forming this scale in a finite period of time also approaches 0.
A water in contact with a solid form of the scale will tend to dissolve or precipitate the
compound until an IAP/Ksp ratio of 1.0 is achieved. This will occur if the water is left
undisturbed for an infinite period of time under the same conditions. A water with a saturation
level of 1.0 is at equilibrium with the solid phase. It will not tend to dissolve, or precipitate the
scale.
As the saturation level (IAP/Ksp) increases above 1.0, the tendency to precipitate the
compound increases. Most waters can carry a moderate level of supersaturation before
precipitation occurs in a finite period of time - such as the seconds to minutes a water is present
in a once through cooling system, or the hours to days a water is present in a cooling tower
system. Most cooling systems can carry a small degree of supersaturation. The degree of
supersaturation acceptable for a system varies with parameters such as residence time, the order
of the scale reaction, and the amount of solid phase (scale)present in the system. To be on the
safe side, it is recommended that an appropriate inhibitor be fed to a cooling system if the
saturation level is above 1.0.
Guidelines for acceptable values:
Calcium carbonate: 1.2-1.5
Calcium sulfate <1.0
3.Silica: 1.1-1.2
Calcium Fluoride: <1.0
Iron carbonate: < 1.2
Amorphous iron hydroxide: <1.0
Iron phosphate: <1.0